Architecture.md, before:

# Quadrant modelling :

1) 4 type of quadrants.
2) Each has some information.
3) Choose your quadrant.

# Building :

https://github.com/gdotdesign/elm-github-install
npm install elm-github-install -g
elm-install -t

./run.sh

# Todo :
~Done: 1) dropdown : bug click outside should go away.~
~Done: 2) create activity some prompt. ~ elevation on hover.
~Done: 3) help text and over divs. ~ not doing over divs
~Done: 4) clicakable box card.
~Done: 5) mins Per day in card box.
6) User using it to track : future or current.
~Done *) Make lists nicer.
7) Toast message on adding of activity.
7) Report generation.
8) Collapse button as part of "header" of Quadrant activity list.
9) How and where to store the data.
10) Mobile app.
11) Deploy on heroku.

# Implementation:
~Done: 1) tell elm-mdl ... Not required.
~Done: 2) badges for activities.
~Done: 2) tickmark for imporant and urgent.
~Done: 2) replace dropdown with checkbox.
~Done: 3) help information button.
~Done: 4) clickable box. should change mouse pointer.

Commit message:

Add num-new-activities counter in Create Activity button

Architecture.md, after:

# Quadrant modelling :

1) 4 type of quadrants.
2) Each has some information.
3) Choose your quadrant.

# Building :

https://github.com/gdotdesign/elm-github-install
npm install elm-github-install -g
elm-install -t

./run.sh

# Todo :
~Done: 1) dropdown : bug click outside should go away.~
~Done: 2) create activity some prompt. ~ elevation on hover.
~Done: 3) help text and over divs. ~ not doing over divs
~Done: 4) clicakable box card.
~Done: 5) mins Per day in card box.
6) User using it to track : future or current.
~Done *) Make lists nicer.
~Done 7) Toast message on adding of activity. ~ added badge new activity counter on button.
7) Report generation.
8) Collapse button as part of "header" of Quadrant activity list.
9) How and where to store the data.
10) Mobile app.
11) Deploy on heroku.

# Implementation:
~Done: 1) tell elm-mdl ... Not required.
~Done: 2) badges for activities.
~Done: 2) tickmark for imporant and urgent.
~Done: 2) replace dropdown with checkbox.
~Done: 3) help information button.
~Done: 4) clickable box. should change mouse pointer.
